
                Tips for overcoming depression one step at a time             
                HelpGuide’s reviews of the best services             
                How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress             
                The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep             
                What Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder looks like in kids             
                Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope             
                Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem             
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep.             Are you or someone you know in crisis? 
                            When you’re stuck in the cycle of addiction, recovery can seem out of reach. But no matter how powerless you feel, change is possible with the right treatment, coping strategies, and support. Don’t give up, even if you’ve tried and failed before.                         
                Recognizing the signs and symptoms of a drinking problem             
                Warning signs, symptoms, and how substance abuse develops             
                How to stop gambling and regain control of your life             
                Tips for kicking your cigarette habit for good             
                How to stop drinking and start recovery             
                A guide to help you cope with cravings and deal with relapse             
                Tips for breaking free of compulsive smartphone use             
                Coping with addiction and a mental health problem             
                Tips for treatment and recovery             
                                515 S Flower St Ste 1800
Los Angeles CA 90071                             
                            Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more.                          
                                Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world.                             
                ©1999-2025 HelpGuide.org                
                All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more.            