
                Tips for overcoming depression one step at a time             
                HelpGuide’s reviews of the best services             
                How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress             
                The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep             
                What Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder looks like in kids             
                Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope             
                Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem             
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep.             Are you or someone you know in crisis? 
                            Domestic violence and abuse can happen to anyone, yet the problem is often overlooked, excused, or denied. Whether you’re the abused or a concerned friend or family member, it’s important to know that help is available.                         
                How to spot the signs and make a difference             
                Recognizing the signs of an abusive relationship and getting help             
                Recognizing the warning signs and getting help             
                Tips for protecting yourself before and after you leave             
                Recognizing the signs of abuse and getting out safely             
                5 ways to deal with gaslighting             
                Tips to regain your sense of control, rebuild your self-worth, and heal             
                Coping with online abuse and practicing safe sexting             
                Preventing and dealing with financial exploitation             
                                515 S Flower St Ste 1800
Los Angeles CA 90071                             
                            Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more.                          
                                Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world.                             
                ©1999-2025 HelpGuide.org                
                All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more.            