
                Tips for overcoming depression one step at a time             
                HelpGuide’s reviews of the best services             
                How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress             
                The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep             
                What Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder looks like in kids             
                Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope             
                Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem             
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep.             Are you or someone you know in crisis? 
                            Emotions are powerful. They can override thoughts and profoundly influence behavior. Emotional intelligence (EQ) allows us to harness that power to understand ourselves, break bad habits, and relate to others better.                         
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Tools for managing emotions and bringing your life into balance             
                Discover the powerful role of emotions             
                To be an effective leader, emotional intelligence is an essential skill             
                How EQ can make you a better employee, co-worker, or boss             
                Learn why emotional intelligence matters in romantic relationships             
                Learn how emotional intelligence can help strengthen bonds             
                Parenting strategies to help you build empathy and emotional awareness             
                How to feel and respond to the emotions of others             
                                515 S Flower St Ste 1800
Los Angeles CA 90071                             
                            Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more.                          
                                Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world.                             
                ©1999-2025 HelpGuide.org                
                All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more.            