
                Tips for overcoming depression one step at a time             
                HelpGuide’s reviews of the best services             
                How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress             
                The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep             
                What Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder looks like in kids             
                Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope             
                Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem             
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep.             Are you or someone you know in crisis? 
                            Exercise isn’t just good for your body, it’s great for mental health. Whatever your age, health limitations, or fitness levels, you can find ways to be more active. Even small steps can add up to more energy, less stress, and better mood.                         
                How to make exercise a part of your everyday life             
                The exercise prescription for depression, anxiety, stress, and more             
                A guide to getting started and developing a balanced plan             
                Tips for building a fitness plan, and finding the best exercises for you             
                How to reap the health benefits of walking             
                Even when your schedule changes, you can stay physically fit             
                No matter your age, it’s never too late to get started             
                Chair exercises and fitness tips for people with injuries or disabilities             
                The health benefits of walks with your dog             
                                515 S Flower St Ste 1800
Los Angeles CA 90071                             
                            Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more.                          
                                Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world.                             
                ©1999-2025 HelpGuide.org                
                All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more.            