
                Tips for overcoming depression one step at a time             
                HelpGuide’s reviews of the best services             
                How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress             
                The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep             
                What Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder looks like in kids             
                Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope             
                Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem             
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep.             Are you or someone you know in crisis? 
                            Healthy aging is about much more than staying in good physical shape—it’s about maintaining a sense of purpose and zest for life. These resources can help you explore the aspects of life that contribute most to health and happiness as you age.                         
                Tips to help you increase intimacy and enjoyment as you get older             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                No matter your age, it’s never too late to get started             
                Tips and exercises to sharpen your mind and boost brainpower             
                Tips for overcoming insomnia and other age-related sleep problems             
                Nutrition tips to boost energy levels and increase resistance to illness             
                Tips to help you or your loved one prevent falls and lower your risk             
                Safety tips and warning signs for older drivers             
                Recognizing the warning signs and getting help             
                                515 S Flower St Ste 1800
Los Angeles CA 90071                             
                            Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more.                          
                                Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world.                             
                ©1999-2025 HelpGuide.org                
                All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more.            