
                Tips for overcoming depression one step at a time             
                HelpGuide’s reviews of the best services             
                How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress             
                The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep             
                What Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder looks like in kids             
                Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope             
                Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem             
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep.             Are you or someone you know in crisis? 
                            Meditation has many benefits. It reduces stress, increases calm and focus, and promotes greater physical and emotional well-being. Anyone can do it, and the rewards can come quickly. These guided meditations will help you get started.                         
                Use the power of your imagination to quickly relax your body and mind.             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Relieve stress, anxiety, and muscle tension with this simple relaxation exercise.             
                When you start to feel overwhelmed, this exercise can help you quickly rein in stress.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Connect to a place of inner calm, even in the midst of chaos or strong emotions.             
                Learn to counter negative self-talk with kindness and self-compassion.             
                Change your perspective and fight negativity by practicing gratitude.             
                                515 S Flower St Ste 1800
Los Angeles CA 90071                             
                            Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more.                          
                                Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world.                             
                ©1999-2025 HelpGuide.org                
                All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more.            