
                Tips for overcoming depression one step at a time             
                HelpGuide’s reviews of the best services             
                How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress             
                The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep             
                What Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder looks like in kids             
                Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope             
                Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem             
                Boost your EQ to help find happiness and success             
                Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment             
                Tips to staying healthy as you get older             
                Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling.             
                Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help.             
                Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm.             
                Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep.             Are you or someone you know in crisis? 
                            Looking after your emotional well-being is just as important as caring for your physical health. By actively nurturing wellness, you’re better able to handle life’s challenges and bounce back when bad things happen.                         
                When your beliefs and actions conflict             
                Tips for changing negative behaviors             
                How giving to others makes you healthier and happier             
                How play boosts creativity, learning, and mood             
                Six strategies to boost your mood and build resilience             
                Five tips to get more satisfaction and joy out of life             
                The health benefits of humor and laughter             
                Changing habits to avoid anxiety, depression, and addiction             
                Daily practices to lift your spirits             
                                515 S Flower St Ste 1800
Los Angeles CA 90071                             
                            Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more.                          
                                Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world.                             
                ©1999-2025 HelpGuide.org                
                All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more.            